README.md, before:

<!-- Description -->
## Description
This HelloID Service Automation Delegated Form provides SharePoint Online functionality. The following options are available:
 1. Enter a title for the new site
 2. Select an available template
 3. Set the owner of the site
 4. Confirm the changes
 
<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->
## Table of Contents
* [Description](#description)
* [All-in-one PowerShell setup script](#all-in-one-powershell-setup-script)
  * [Getting started](#getting-started)
* [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
* [Post-setup configuration](#post-setup-configuration)
* [Manual resources](#manual-resources)


## All-in-one PowerShell setup script
The PowerShell script "createform.ps1" contains a complete PowerShell script using the HelloID API to create the complete Form including user defined variables, tasks and data sources.

 _Please note that this script asumes none of the required resources do exists within HelloID. The script does not contain versioning or source control_


### Getting started
Please follow the documentation steps on [HelloID Docs](https://docs.helloid.com/hc/en-us/articles/360017556559-Service-automation-GitHub-resources) in order to setup and run the All-in one Powershell Script in your own environment.

## prerequisites
Please follow the documentation for installing the SharePoint powershell module on [Microsoft Docs](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/powershell/sharepoint/sharepoint-online/connect-sharepoint-online?view=sharepoint-ps).
 
## Post-setup configuration
After the all-in-one PowerShell script has run and created all the required resources. The following items need to be configured according to your own environment
 1. Update the following [user defined variables](https://docs.helloid.com/hc/en-us/articles/360014169933-How-to-Create-and-Manage-User-Defined-Variables)
<table>
  <tr><td><strong>Variable name</strong></td><td><strong>Example value</strong></td><td><strong>Description</strong></td></tr>
  <tr><td>SharePointRootUrl</td><td>https://customer.sharepoint.com</td><td>URL of customers SharePoint environment</td></tr>
  <tr><td>SharePointBaseUrl</td><td>https://customer-admin.sharepoint.com</td><td>URL of customers admin SharePoint environment</td></tr>
  <tr><td>SharePointAdminUser</td><td>svc_account@customer.onmicrosoft.com</td><td>Azure user account with the SharePoint Admin Role</td></tr>
  <tr><td>SharePointAdminPWD</td><td>********</td><td>SharePointAdminUser password</td></tr>
</table>

## Manual resources
This Delegated Form uses the following resources in order to run

### Powershell data source '[powershell-datasource]_Sharepoint-create-check-names'
This Powershell data source verifies if the chosen name doesn't already exists.

### Powershell data source '[powershell-datasource]_Sharepoint-get-azure-users'
This Powershell data source gets all available Azure users to select a site owner.

### Powershell data source '[powershell-datasource]_Sharepoint-get-site-templates'
This Powershell data source gets all available SharePoint site templates.

### Delegated form task '[task]_SharePoint-create-site'
This delegated form task will create a new SharePoint site.

# HelloID Docs
The official HelloID documentation can be found at: https://docs.helloid.com/

Commit message:

Added version number and updated all-in-one script

README.md, after:

<!-- Description -->
## Description
This HelloID Service Automation Delegated Form provides SharePoint Online functionality. The following options are available:
 1. Enter a title for the new site
 2. Select an available template
 3. Set the owner of the site
 4. Confirm the changes

## Versioning
| Version | Description | Date |
| - | - | - |
| 1.0.1   | Added version number and updated all-in-one script | 2021/12/13  |
| 1.0.0   | Initial release | 2020/12/05  |

<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->
## Table of Contents
* [Description](#description)
* [All-in-one PowerShell setup script](#all-in-one-powershell-setup-script)
  * [Getting started](#getting-started)
* [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
* [Post-setup configuration](#post-setup-configuration)
* [Manual resources](#manual-resources)


## All-in-one PowerShell setup script
The PowerShell script "createform.ps1" contains a complete PowerShell script using the HelloID API to create the complete Form including user defined variables, tasks and data sources.

 _Please note that this script asumes none of the required resources do exists within HelloID. The script does not contain versioning or source control_


### Getting started
Please follow the documentation steps on [HelloID Docs](https://docs.helloid.com/hc/en-us/articles/360017556559-Service-automation-GitHub-resources) in order to setup and run the All-in one Powershell Script in your own environment.

## prerequisites
Please follow the documentation for installing the SharePoint powershell module on [Microsoft Docs](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/powershell/sharepoint/sharepoint-online/connect-sharepoint-online?view=sharepoint-ps).
 
## Post-setup configuration
After the all-in-one PowerShell script has run and created all the required resources. The following items need to be configured according to your own environment
 1. Update the following [user defined variables](https://docs.helloid.com/hc/en-us/articles/360014169933-How-to-Create-and-Manage-User-Defined-Variables)
<table>
  <tr><td><strong>Variable name</strong></td><td><strong>Example value</strong></td><td><strong>Description</strong></td></tr>
  <tr><td>SharePointRootUrl</td><td>https://customer.sharepoint.com</td><td>URL of customers SharePoint environment</td></tr>
  <tr><td>SharePointBaseUrl</td><td>https://customer-admin.sharepoint.com</td><td>URL of customers admin SharePoint environment</td></tr>
  <tr><td>SharePointAdminUser</td><td>svc_account@customer.onmicrosoft.com</td><td>Azure user account with the SharePoint Admin Role</td></tr>
  <tr><td>SharePointAdminPWD</td><td>********</td><td>SharePointAdminUser password</td></tr>
</table>

## Manual resources
This Delegated Form uses the following resources in order to run

### Powershell data source '[powershell-datasource]_Sharepoint-create-check-names'
This Powershell data source verifies if the chosen name doesn't already exists.

### Powershell data source '[powershell-datasource]_Sharepoint-get-azure-users'
This Powershell data source gets all available Azure users to select a site owner.

### Powershell data source '[powershell-datasource]_Sharepoint-get-site-templates'
This Powershell data source gets all available SharePoint site templates.

### Delegated form task '[task]_SharePoint-create-site'
This delegated form task will create a new SharePoint site.

## Getting help
_If you need help, feel free to ask questions on our [forum](https://forum.helloid.com/forum/helloid-connectors/service-automation/178-helloid-sa-sharepoint-online-create-site)_

## HelloID Docs
The official HelloID documentation can be found at: https://docs.helloid.com/
